Hello friends, welcome all of you once again
to your own channel Vaishali Online Process.  I am Abhishek.  In today's video
we are going to talk about our
CSCB brothers who have cleared the CSC Insurance
RAP exam or
IAS.  I have cleared both but am still
not able to get the insurance done.  I am afraid that
something wrong might happen today.  So let's talk,
watch the video till the end.
Share the video as much as possible.  To all our CSC Villi
brothers who are not able to get insurance.
Ok?  In the previous part, we have told you
how to clear the RAP exam,
friends?  By the way, we have given its link
in the description box.
You can also check and register from there and
friends, we have also told you about how to clear the exam.  Ok?
Simply check all the user IDs and passwords of CS CBLE and
login.  After logging in, you will see that
here you will simply
see an interface like this.  As soon as you
look here at the login place, friends,
look carefully, there is an option of insurance at the top.
If it is not coming
to you simply then you will search for insurance on the search option here.
In this we will
tell you about insuring both third party and first
party.
Ok?  Our first main
objective will be
how to do third party insurance.  To put it simply,
how do we secure our vehicle to protect ourselves from the police?
This could be dangerous.  But you guys have
insurance third party, many of
our CSC VLE brothers, when their
customers come, they get it done through third party.
Simply what will you do here?
Click on the insurance option.
As soon as you click here, friends,
you will see that when you come to the bottom, you will
see Motor Third Party here.  Ok?
As soon as you click on Motor Third Party,
many companies will
open for you.  Those who have cleared the exam through RAP must have
cleared it.  RAP means those who have
passed the exam from RAP, then according to that,
those who will be related to CSC, HDFC or
whatever it is, HDFC, you can see there are
many SBI, Bajaj, Cola, ICIC, simply
what we will do is we will
tell you about ICIC, what will we do simply, here
in the corner option, you will search with whichever company you
want to do it, you
can see the big third party ICIC lambor,
simply what will we do, click on the click here option,
as soon as you click, you will again be
asked for user ID, password and capture code.
What will you do simply?  Will log it in.
As soon as you look here, you will have two
wheeler, four wheeler,
ECV and GC.  In this way many will come to
you.  Ok?  So what do we
do?  I want to get two wheeler insurance.
We will make a video of four wheeler insurance.
Here the package means
for the first party.  What will TP i.e. third
party simply do here?
Click on the third party option.  After that, you
will see that you can work from here in this interface.
First, enter multiple languages ​​here according to the
language in which you want to work, be it Hindi or English.
Our two products are two wheelers.  You
can see Two Wheeler
Third Party TP i.e. Third Party.
Simply the registration number is being asked here.
That is, the bike number of your vehicle, that is,
where should those who are going to our VL Bandhu's shop enter the registration number
?  What will you do here?
We will click on the option Get RTO Details.
As soon as you click on Get RTO Details,
you will only be asked
which state is the City Bearer of the vehicle from?
Simply what will you do here?  According to whichever
district it has been purchased, that is,
your selection will be done.  Ok?
After that, see here automatically that your
vehicle's first registration date, policy
start date, after that other manufacturing
model number, everything will become clear in it.
If you do it in the packaged version or first
party mail version, then the
exchange value of the vehicle is given in it.
Like in the previous part, the video that we had
shown on this vehicle number, 29,000 something was mentioned accordingly.
But in this you will not get the exchange value of the vehicle
which is the accidental value.
Simply you can see here that
other manufacturing is of 2013.
After that, friends, here you
want to take the package for how many years, first, second,
third, simply, generally you
want to take it for one year.  After that,
friends, you can watch Premium,
ABP, you don't have to do all this.  Simply
you have to leave it and what should you do simply?   You
can see the gate.  Click on the quarter option.
One tap, after that
as soon as it appears here friends,
our money will be shown here.  Ok?
You can see the amount of money that will be deducted by viewing the premium breakup here and how it will be
deducted in detail.  Simply
click on the process option.  After that,
you will see that whatever data you have here will
open and come.  Here, in which you
will see the data, first of all, all the data which we have
filled up, that data is automatic, the most
important thing you will see here is that you must match the
engine number and the chassis number of the vehicle once,
okay, you can see it in the body type, if you
want to write any other details of the vehicle here, then you can write it,
otherwise you can leave it, it does not make any sense,
friends, see, here you can simply add
name details, if you want to add details,
name details of someone in the house, you will
simply tick out, here
friends, you will enter their name.
After that,
we will show the relation here according to their relation.
Ok?  After that, whatever the minimum age is, be it 14 or 18, we will
write it here accordingly.  Ok?  After that, if you don't
want to give it, you can leave it also.  But let us give it to
whoever is getting our insurance done, their third party should get a
lot of
benefit.  After that, the most important
thing you should pay attention to here is that it is mandatory to do KYC of those who are
coming to the shop of our VLE brothers.
Ok?  Here you
can see the complete KYC to be done.
Customers will simply tick out the KYC.
Here you are asked for PAN card and Aadhar card
friends.  Whatever you
want to give from this, if you do not
want to give PAN card then do not give PAN card,
otherwise it is mandatory for you to give one thing like Aadhar card.
Ok?  As soon as
you give your Aadhar number, full name,
gender and date of birth here.
You will choose the date of birth with the help of the calendar.
Ok?  In the name of the person in whose name the car is.
If you want to give your PAN card, you can give it
here.  Simply submit the number and this date
of birth.  After that, if all
the data is correct then you will upload both PAN card and Aadhar
card.  Ok?
Simply tick it out.  After that,
friends, as soon as you fill up here, you will
create a new
customer.  You can see here that
all your data gets automatically filled up.
If it does not come, simply you will be
asked for the pin code of the area and
enter your city here.  Just a little information and
what will you do simply?  Click on Generate Postal.
As soon as you click,
friends, please look carefully,
after that it is your turn to make the payment.
Friends, you can see our payment above,
what will you do with this simple ₹843?  Login is
next to us, you will get the user ID of CSC and
after that Wallet M PIN.  You will enter the Wallet MP which
you have created of six digits
and here the money will be
deducted from your account i.e. CCB wallet account
and some commission will come into your account
instantly at the same time.  Ok?  As soon as you make the
payment, a
receipt gets generated and comes to you, friends,
which will be like this.  You can see that
your name will be written here.
What will you do with the second page of this?  From here you can
print it out and give it to our customers in
colour or black and white.
That doesn't make any sense.  Ok?  You
can see that here it will be written
KG seat capacity, whatever is there here
accordingly, it will come for one year,
friends, if we do it for two years, it will come for two
years.  Okay friends?  Let's hope you found
this video helpful and
important.  If you liked the information,
please like and subscribe to the channel and
share the video as much as possible with all those CS Civil people who have
cleared the BAT exam and IAS exam
but are afraid of insurance tax, do
not panic, take insurance comfortably and earn a
good income. Jai Hind Jai Bharat.